[Cloud] Release notes for cycles 29, 30, 31 (#909)
seqeralabs/docs: changelog/seqera-cloud/v25.3.0_cycle29.md

---
title: Seqera Cloud v25.3.0_cycle29
date: 2025-10-28
tags: [seqera cloud]
---

## General updates and improvements

- **Datasets**
  - Added support for date-only formats in search queries, allowing you to search using simple dates (e.g., 2025-02-02) instead of requiring full ISO-8601 datetime strings.

> - Added pipeline version numbers and descriptions to pre-configured onboarding pipelines, making it easier to understand what each pipeline does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added pipeline version numbers and descriptions to preconfigured onboarding pipelines, making it easier to understand what each pipeline does.
```
